story.md, before:

If you had a choice you never would have come to this planet.
Now the only way you can leave is if you can win the game known as The Fhrakas.

The Fhrakas

Mobile Turret

First things first you'll need to outfit a mobile turret. Take a high powered laser,
fit it to whatever chassis you can find then and get the whole thing to run on arena power rails.
If you want to make it easy on yourself just salvage an old AG-008 space-to-ground fighter, they 
have everything you need and thanks to the Galactic War there's no shortage of them here.


Weapons

Once you have your ride you'll need a weapon, you see anything and everything here but most likely you're
going to want to start with one


Mark I laser         - it's not the most powerful, but easy to install an much less prone to overheating. 
                       built in rectifiers to prevent power escape means you can fire continuously without penalty
                       tiny storage bank means you can't fire long
Mark IV laser        - the ultimate in high efficiency high yield 
                       you must coordinate your shots with power surges
Microwave emitter    - wide angle beam weapon deflects projectiles at close range
                       power hungry 
             
I've heard tales of some lunatic from the lower levels trading in exotics - gamma ray lasers, antimatter particles,
meson cannons, flux capacitors.

Special

If you're willing to work with the fhactions they might stake you some of their surplus equipment,
but you might not like the terms.

rectifier      - eliminates power loss back into the grid
HE capacitor   - increase in storage
Gravitic Wave  - releases a powerful wave of energy propelling the target towards the opponent's goal
EMP            - massive ion blast capable of frying the opponent's grid
                 if you're not careful can explode your own grid

Commit message:

got string formatter online, but zero page ram a little wrecked

story.md, after:

If you had a choice you never would have come to this planet.
Now the only way you can leave is if you can win this game they call The Fhrakas.

The Fhrakas

It's a put the ball in the goal kind of game, except the high levels of radiation in the arena mean you don't
want to get anyhwere near it. Instead you'll be driving a Mobile Turret high above the field and use a 
laser to drive the Target into the opposing Gate.

Mobile Turret

First things first you'll need a ride. Take a high powered laser, fit it to whatever chassis you can find then 
and get the whole thing to run on arena power rails. If you want to make it easy on yourself just salvage an 
old AG-008 space-to-ground fighter, they have everything you need and thanks to the Galactic War there's no 
shortage of them here.

Power

Your turret rides on a 'powered' rail - only power around here is a little choppy. Mashing the fire button will
drain your power reserves quickly, but timing your shots to each power surge will keep you in business.

Weapons

You see anything and everything here but these are the most common.

Mark I laser         - it's not the most powerful, but easy to install an much less prone to overheating. 
                       built in rectifiers to prevent power escape means you can fire continuously without penalty
                       tiny storage bank means you can't fire long
                       if you've got
Mark IV laser        - the ultimate in high efficiency high yield 
                       you must coordinate your shots with power surges
ME-X maser           - what do we want? more ionizing radiation. when do we want it? now.
                       wide angle beam weapon deflects projectiles at close range
                       power hungry 

Auxiliary equipment             

If you're willing to work with the fhactions they might stake you an upgrade but you might not like the terms.

rectifier      - eliminates power loss back into the grid. built into the mark i
HE capacitor   - increase in storage. built into the me-X
Gravitic Wave  - release powerful waves of energy to propel the target towards the opponent's goal
                 also disrupts laser fire due to the gravitational lens effect
EMP            - massive ion blast capable of frying the opponent's grid
                 if you're not careful can explode your own grid

Special Equipment

I've heard tales of some lunatic from the lower levels trading in exotics - gamma ray lasers
meson cannons, something called a "tachyonic antitelephone", quantomic bombs... risky business.
Just in case this place isn't dangerous enough for you.
